people I hope you are well
this one you were doing it's a
today's heavy fun people
new questions boom and a little
beautiful I hope you're fine I 22
years I'm doing muscu for a year I
am a student and sometimes it happens to me
to be tired during the day and
before going to the room
finally at the temple I would have liked
know how to make two coffee three
the space to wake me up was not
too bad for health thank you for
everything and video that made me want to
take me in hand refer you it
from now on do not stop anymore
it's never an order
ok people already tell you that coffee
is consumed by 80% of the population
which is already a pretty good number
huge and his balls but what is it
which makes that he is also appreciated his
taste his goku sorry no because between
we people the first time I
have tasted
I felt like I was shaking
not seen for five years so much
the smell was d 1 woman was waiting to move
page of our flat side and yes I
my hair to videos so why there is a
problem
you do not see it in a flat way
so at the holiday the con e mild health
health immerseel ars true good you know
what next time we see each other I
you lead her and I make you feel no
no and it's for me I insist you
you really need to realize
in short the taste of coffee me so much
disgusted that sir sworn over and
wood of all my life and I assure you
that nothing in the world could make me
change your mind nothing nada niente nor to a
teniente until someone
told me that coffee was by doing
to thin the blood and therefore to
take out the veins and that's where
these are related groups
but are also plenty more on board
coffee and we will see that all this is
party first point coffee and a wealthy
west like that will keep you away
and towards the talented Western coffee and
protect you and prevent against
some diseases 2 the coffee is going
increase between concentration because you
are a work current and you have to
spend five hours listening to a few to
to talk about something
in a notice issued strictly the
strictly one strictly nothing to
carrer I can understand he is
difficult to stay focused
vercingetorix so chief corridors of the
arvern tribe little son of his
wedding and Albert de Beaulieu who knew
put forward the dynamism atik and
so give the cheese so designed thanks
at standards die along the way so I
to avoid this kind of situation
have coffee during the day or before
workout can help you and will act
following our receptors like adenosine
and increase between concentration and you
wake up in five minutes 3 the coffee is going
fight against stress and depression
that you have the interview to hired the
most important of your life has passed that
your girlfriend who has been living for three
years have just wanted to be there is
you tell me that everything you learn
that your muscle room closes a month
this summer to me courage that rage take
a small coffee can then you are at
de-stress and feel the effect an effect
an effect of good to be a bit like the
finul in the limitless movie
you only need one and only one
cup for that shots you
transform was the van professor
beurden who worries us she ensures
alain krivine god
matter of controlling the world these beautiful
meanings meaning meantime of the action and
your vigilance sees the ball you say
but 10 euros
the caf gives them an effect of well being
temporary because it allows the production
neurotransmitters like dopamine
and serotonin to bo would be the man the
happier more and not him from the
world for 20 minutes since after
everything becomes as before
4 coffee is good for the liver if you
are people you live the face
Thursday night because these evenings
students on Friday night because this is the
weekend
and to celebrate well Saturday night
then what bath the weekend anyway
shit and Sunday night since there
do not need reasons for that sticked
it may be that in the long run you have
problems twice three times same name
was not it anyway then it was
showed that drinking coffee could reduce
this risk of illness but that stopped
tout court was much alcohol
effective then it does not really make it
huge and sects disabled people
every day so has a lot
more but after it's like everything so
you drink in excess and you
put on the coffee box grandma with
all his family inside the morning
a coffee house box with the
garage and terrace at noon and box
of alter eco with the gym that
go with care you can be safe
to have side effects like
insomnia nervousness anxiety learns them
all different and the effects have
really depends on each of the left
final people from the moment where
you reasonably consume it
will be perfect the only little detail that
from the moment you take
the wooden habit he'll be proud of
you pass oh I'm tired go
little coffee here is the second for the
you go the third
at
ah ah that's it i want to lift
weight never has to raise all
damn i'm hot i want to go
towards small and global are
lost stolen and yeah I thought back to
put 1 huge blue inches down
the video to subscribe
tell us in comments if you drink
coffee or other drinks we were
discounts for supplements
food
links are in the description and
especially people do not forget that you
are the best
me and I feel that this evening was the
good and that the night was going to be huge
and dry or fucking in my wet because
that pardon